Add the no-arg compiler plugin to the documentation (#7146)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/mongodb-panache.adoc

): PanacheMongoEntity()
----

The last option is to the use the link:https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/compiler-plugins.html#no-arg-compiler-plugin[no-arg] compiler plugin.

> This plugin needs to be configured with a lit of annotations, then it will generate a parameterless constructor for each class annotated with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin needs to be configured with a list of annotations, then it will generate a parameterless constructor for each class annotated with them.
```

> This plugin needs to be configured with a lit of annotations, then it will generate a parameterless constructor for each class annotated with them.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest:

```suggestion
This plugin is configured with a list of annotations, and the end result is the generation of no-args constructor for each class annotated with them.
```

Author: I prefere this one, sorry @gsmet :)
I found the sentence not very readable but I didn't find a better at this time, you know, my english ...

Reviewer 2: I have the unfair advantage of being a native speaker :P
